---
layout: post
title: Set Sail with AcroMetrics!
author: Nicholas Carey
categories: Finance
header-img: beach.jpg
---
You are out at sea. Your boat is single sail vessel that is far out of its element. Suddenly, the waves get larger and the wind picks up. You gaze towards the horizon to see a thunderous storm on the horizon. Frantically, you start to make preparations. You lower your sail, prepare buckets and begin to chart a course away from the storm center. However, neither you or your boat is not prepared for this storm. As the waves pick up, gallons of water crash into you, taking most of your belongings. The wind tears a major gash into the sail, rendering it useless. Terrified and slowly realizing you are losing control of the situation, you desperately put on your life jacket and pray the sharks in the water are friendly.

Without the proper tools, amateur investors can probably connect with the sailor. Beginning the investment process is a daunting task. A newbie can’t immediately jump into the market, like our inexperienced sailor does . Instead, they have to learn the material, start slow, and dedicate long hours of their life to the field. Yet, for many, this demand is too much. They can’t spend time learning how sails or keels work--they are too busy working at their farm. As a result, many new investors simply pursue a heuristic approach and invest in common blue chip stocks. Or worse, they invest in a random company based on a few variables they slightly know. 

This fate does not have to be true for most though. With the data revolution in full swing, most amateur investors can access large quantities of data for free via search engines. However, like the stormy ocean, it can be difficult to navigate through multiple sites and results when you don’t know what you are doing. AcroMetrics aims to provide a joint educational and research tool that integrates well designed and filtered research tools that allows the user to learn while making decisions. It integrates both sides of the field, the educational and research side. 

By conjoining both sides of the coin, users will be able to quickly pickup skills and then directly apply them. Further, unlike going out and searching for what you don’t know, AcroMetrics’ tools bring the data to them. Tools like AcroSearch, AcroMaps, and AcroCharts will supply users the necessary statistics and characteristics when they need them, and provide insight of how to apply them. Using this AcroBlog, users will be able to learn data analysis techniques from a community of data scientists, mathematicians, and financiers.
Together, using all the family of Acro tools, amateur investors can confidently sail through the stormy ocean of the stock market, allowing them to reach new islands and calm seas. 
